Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
My name is Robin Hood
and this is an ambush!
While there's people
going hungry...
While there's injustice
in this land...
Me and my men will
fight for what's right.
And we take from the
rich to give to the poor.
For a fairer world.
Now you took that money off
people who can ill-afford it. So...
we'll take it back!
You're outnumbered.
And what makes you
think that? Take cover!
Now...you're outnumbered.
you're out-armed
so get out of here.
Go on. run!
Go! Go!
We're back!
I want the men ready for
transportation immediately!
Too old. He'll be meeting
his maker soon enough.
Able-bodied men only!
MAN SCREAMS OUT IN AGONY
They're making prisoners of them.
Or slaves.
Gisborne.
Kate. stop. they'll search the
cart. I'll lose you and your brother.
You see what they're doing?
If we don't move him
now he'll be caught.
Just stay inside.
I'll get Matthew out of here.
Here's bread. a few
leftovers and a knife.
I don't like leaving you like this...Find us
somewhere better... Yes. I'll send for you all.
In a hurry?Delivery for
the market in Nottingham.
I'm late.
Search.
No. there's nothing in there.
there's nothing in there!
These people have taken enough.
One day they'll rise up and
destroy you and all men like you.
Dangerous talk.
We'll soon beat that out of you.
Take him away. Please. my
brother. he's so young...
You tried to defy me!
Flog her!
Matthew!
Right. You better get used to taking orders
you're going to be soldiers. all of you.
So say goodbye to your families.
Bring them to the castle.
Shhhh...
You're Robin Hood...
And you. young lady.
are lucky to be alive!
Now you need to tell
me what happened.
I heard Gisborne say they were
taking the men to be soldiers.
Why does the Sheriff
suddenly need another army?
- Who's that?
- Some girl we just saved.
My name is Kate.
We'll get your brother
back. Kate. I promise.
We all thought you
were gone forever.
My little sister thinks
Robin Hood's just a story.
Stories are important.
Stronger than truth.
Heroes inspire us.
Tuck always talks like
that. Just nod and smile.
Come on. we head them
off at the hollow.
I'm... Much by the way.
And don't worry. I'll make
sure you're looked after.
I mean. we'll make sure
you're looked after.
I can take care of myself.
- What are you doing?
- Shut up Allan. just shut up.
Get up MacMurrough. you lazy
Irish dog! The party's over.
Gisborne. I was very
comfortable here.
Very comfortable indeed.
The rest of your
men are on their way.
I said. get up!
You know. big fella. you've
been riling me since I got here.
What say we... settle
it. sporting fashion?
First strike.
Blunt edge of the
blade only. of course.
For the cause!
Ireland for the Irish
under an Irish king.
The devil with your English rule.
My mother was French.
Oh!
You know. I hope the soldiers you've
promised me are better fighters than you are.
They're expensive enough.
First strike. I think.
Sure. you're already dead.
So. Gisborne's met his match!
I like your style MacMurrough.
very sneaky. How's your head?
Like a hundred blacksmiths have
played the anvil behind me eyes.
What a night!
Indeed. Make yourself
comfortable. ..Gisborne.
Come on. keep moving.
Keep in line.
Keep moving now.
We take them now. right?
No. wait for his signal.
She's right. now's our chance.
Don't mistake rashness for loyalty.
Robin!
John. what's the matter?Trouble.
Hey. come here! Kate!Stop!
Where's she going?
Kate!
Are you all right?Yeah.
Come on. Tuck.
Kate. you've put us all at risk
here.I had to save my brother.
Nearly there. Kate. it's too
dangerous. I brought help. Robin Hood.
Now!
MacMurrough!Trouble!
Follow my men into the forest!I'm
right behind you.Into the forest!
Matthew! Matthew!
You men.
you belong to me now!
You fight well for my cause and some
of you may live to see your homes again.
You cross me and you're dead.
It's a good job we came
out to meet them lads.
The Sheriff's men weren't
exactly protecting my investment.
Fine work. all of you.
Now. move them out!
Here. take this so they
won't recognise you.
Thanks.
Thanks to you they've got Robin!
Did you really think you could
save your brother on your own?
Look. it was my fault as well
all right? I went in too quick...
So who were the painted faces?
They came out of nowhere. Celts. Warriors. A
battle technique based on surprise and brute force.
If they're working with the
Sheriff we need a water-tight plan.
Hold on. Tuck! Who
put you in charge?
Somebody has to lead in Robin's absence.I
don't see why it should be you...
What. you think it should be you
after your display earlier?Stop.
Where's the girl?
Ahhh!
Let's find her before she puts
herself and Robin in danger.
Whoever it was who attacked your
troops knew what they were doing.
Nearly succeeded in
freeing my conscripts.Erm...
Robin Hood. A bothersome little...
fly. buzz-buzz.
You brushed him aside.
well done. very good.
Where's my money?
Well. at least the
men got their work-out.
Saves me taking sword drill today.
Well. that's your
job. little brother!
The men look to you for leadership
and all you do is drink and play.
Yes. yes. well.
Got to keep them
hungry for the cause.
To the next King of
Ireland. my brother.
You don't take the
cause lightly. boy!
Gentlemen...It's a sacred trust.
Gentlemen?
Time and a place... Ssshhh!
Money.
You have your soldiers.
You're playing a dangerous
game. aren't you. Sheriff.
Supplying the enemies of
Prince John with troops.
I know all about you two...
You have no allies.
And this is your last chance to grab
power in Ireland and you both know it.
So do we seal the
deal. or don't we?
We'll exchange money for men once
we're safely on the coast. as planned.
Not before.
I want those two buffoons out
before anyone knows they're here.
Afraid Prince John will find out you're
supplying soldiers to his enemies?
Why should he find out?
Hmm? Prince John will get his
patronage money. he has to.
And where it comes from
is of no importance.
Is that meant to frighten me?
Look at you. Your
plans are in ruins.
The Black Knights are disbanded and you're
having to buy the affections of a Prince
that would rather see you dead.
Why should I fear you?
Because...
..I AM THE SHERIFF OF NOTTINGHAM!
You should've escaped
while you had the chance.
I get away...we all get away.
They're men here from every
village within thirty miles.
You'll never save us all.
Well. I still have this.
Come here...
Right. some of you men
from Locksley know me.
The rest of you know what I do.
Now we have one chance to do this
and we have to be ready to take it.
For your villages
and for your families.
Will you stand with me and fight?
ALL:Yes.
(There she is.)
She's trying to get
in with the servants.
She's done it!
Amazing.There's too many guards.
So we lay a trap in the forest.
To get to the coast road they'll
take the prisoners through the ravine.
That's our best chance to attack.
I'm not leaving Robin.Or Kate.
Or her.Stay if you want to. Much. but
don't expect us to come back and rescue you.
Come on.
Go on.
Go.
You!
Seize her!
Come here!
Well. you're becoming a bit of
nuisance.Do what you want to me.
I'm not scared of you.Really.
But what about that
precious brother of yours?
Find her brother and hang him.
You can't do that.
I just did. And make
sure she sees him die.
Please. he's done nothing wrong.
The men you brought in. I
know something about them.
They weren't just villagers.
Talk.
You won't hurt my brother? I don't think you're
in a position to bargain. What about the men?
One of them is... He's Robin Hood.
The front line with
me. hold off the guards.
The second line attack the gates.
Use the chains. anything
you can find as weapons.
But wait for my signal.
They don't look like much.Well.
I'm giving them to you. Tiernan.
They're yours to train and lead.
You expect me to make
soldiers out of peasants?
No.
Sergeant! Extra guards. now!
Robin Hood!
Ready? Hold.
Now!
No weapons and yet they
fight like lions for that man.
Secure the gates!
Hood!Wait wait. Stop. Stop!
Another move and I
kill the girl. Kate!
Wait!
No. Matthew!
Matthew!
Are you all right?
Let me help you...
You're surrounded. Don't
waste any more lives.
I'm here Matthew. Matthew... Kate.
I'm here... I'm here.
Matthew... I'm here.
I'll do anything. I'll do anything
you say. Please. please help him...
Lie still. lie still. I'm going to get
you home. you're going to be all right.
Everything is going
to be all right.
Find a better place and
take care of our family.
It's up to you now...
Matthew? Matthew? No...
No! You'll pay for this. Gisborne.
Get the girl out of the castle.
Come on!
No. no. no...
Say your prayers. outlaw.
Gisborne!
You move. Gisborne. and you die.
I will have his blood!
Don't be so selfish.
Get off me. he dies now!
Come. come.
surely you don't want to miss the SLOW
and painful death of Robin Hood? Hm?
Hey...
Up. up.
Kate. it's me.
What happened?
We call this room the Vault.
One door.
solid oak. three
locks. no windows...
Just lots of stone.A challenge.
It's the last room
you'll ever know.
You should've killed me
when you had the chance.
I'm going to make you
suffer before you die.
Just like you're
suffering. Gisborne?
You know. you could kill me a hundred
times over but the pain you are feeling now.
the hatred. the self-loathing
is never going to go away.
You'll never hate me as
much as you hate yourself!
Oh. put it away!
Always in such a rush. Hmm?
Sometimes I think you don't
appreciate the poetry of pain.
Something clearly Robin Hood does.
So. how about the death of a thousand cuts.
a nasty Saracen invention.As long as he dies.
A visitor.
I won't shake your
hand if you don't mind.
They tell me you
were once a nobleman.
That you gave up your title. lost
your lands. lost all your wealth...
The people have endured far worse.
They told me that you
lost the woman you loved.
What do you want from me. Irishman?
We're the same. you and me.
We both have a cause.
But you. Robin.
you inspire men.
I've seen it. Right here.
You see.
my people. well...
my people are as oppressed by
this Prince John as your people
and yet they will not rise at
the call of Finn MacMurrough.
And you want my help?
I want you to join forces with me.
We can learn from
each other. you and me.
Together we can smash this Prince
John. the Sheriff. all of them.
I'll help you free England.
you help me free Ireland.
We can both be Kings!
Now. what do you say to that?
England already has a king.
Richard. His name is Richard.
I only have to shout.
There's half a battalion out there.
You think over what
I've said to you.
Perhaps you don't want a crown
but a just and fair country.
if that's what you want.
BANGS ON DOOR
I might be the only
chance you have left.
DOOR OPENS
Thank you very much.
So they tried to
fight their way out
and that's when her
brother was killed.
And then all hell broke loose.
Gisborne found out Robin was
with them and now he's in
the castle. heavily guarded.
Right. We go to Nottingham.
We'll be back.
What about the village men? They're shipping
them out to Ireland today! Robin is our priority.
Losing an entire generation of men will
kill all the villages for miles around.
You put one man
before stopping that?
Kate. villages are
dying across England.
The only thing the people have is
a spark of hope called Robin Hood.
He's more important than
any one man. he's an idea.
Something that
people can believe in.
I gave up Robin Hood to Gisborne.
You what?You didn't say that.
I'd do it again
to save my little brother.
He wasn't important enough.
He was just a village man
who wanted to raise a family
and live an honest life.
Well. I believed in him.
Now he's dead.
And you think that
the idea of Robin Hood
is more important than his life?
You make me sick.
CHAINS RATTLE
Hello. little fella?
Where did you come from?
I might just have found
my way out of here...
Just run that by me again.
we're going to do what?
We're going to break
Robin Hood out of here.
It must be all this English air.
cos you're not thinkingstraight.
Tiernan. for once in your life would
you stop looking for an easy ride
and recognise what's
staring you in the face!
Robin Hood's no ordinary outlaw.
He's one of us. Fighting a tyrant
- the Sheriff.
You told me to do the deal.
We had nowhere else to go.
Now we do. Robin Hood.
Look. with a man like that alongside
us. our Irish people will rise.
They'll fight. I'm sure of it.
You've lost the fire. baby brother.
If you ever really had
it. Are you with me?
Tiernan!
I'd never have fitted
through there anyway.
Come on Robin. come on. think.
Please God. come on.
Ready?
Here we go...
Yes. you little dancer!
Fire! HE COUGHS
Fetch water! Fire!
You. get the prisoner out of there.
Open up!
No. no. no. no. no.
I'm afraid your
privileges in my castle
are cancelled my
friend. An old trick...
but a very good one.
Tiernan?
Sorry brother. The Sheriff
here made me realise
the problem you know.
is not with our cause.
No. though a very worthy endeavour.
It's with the man who's
leading it. You fool.
I found a real ally right here.
Yes. in exchange for
a few small trifles.
County Galway I believe.
You haven't the sense to lead
an army. let alone a nation.
Says you.
But the men are with me.
Didn't take much persuasion
mind. but then again
all you offered them was a glorious
death in the name of the cause!
When I'm King... they
will be well rewarded.
You're going to leave
me here?! Tiernan!
I'm your brother! I'm your king!
Chain him up and throw
him in there with Hood.
They can die together.Tiernan?
Tiernan. you come back
here and face me. boy!
Save your breath.
My selfish greedy little brother.
By the time he's
bored of this new game.
he'll have ruined our last
chance to free Ireland.
We should never have come here.
Our cause belongs to our people.
Yours. yours have trouble enough
with this poisonous Sheriff.
Perhaps we can be allies.
How did you?
You helped me. now I'll help you.
Kate. Kate. I've been so worried.
Matthew.
I'm so sorry.
Robin Hood tried to save him.
I hope Robin Hood gets hanged from
the highest gallows in Nottingham.
It won't bring Matthew back though
will it?Robin Hood is an outlaw.
He just brings trouble.
They'll be back now.
the Sheriff's men. Back to
make examples of the rest of us.
That doesn't mean we
should sit here and take it.
That kind of talk is dangerous.
That's what's got
your brother killed!
Come on. keep moving...
What a glorious day
for an execution.
It's a long march.
we need to leave now.
Yes. but surely we shall
stay to see the executions.
No.
But it's Robin Hood and Finn.
Sheriff. I will not
watch my brother die.
We leave now or the deal is off.
Very well.
This is my fault.
Matthew died trying to
save me from Gisborne.
What?
I went after Matthew alone.
without thinking.
I got Matthew killed.No. If
I hadn't been so stupid...
No. Robin Hood killed your brother with
his talk of fighting for a better future.
You're wrong.
These people believe in him.
And Matthew believed in him.
That's good enough reason
to help. Where are you going?
Kate. Robin Hood's a criminal.
Kate. please. you'll
end up like your brother.
I'm not doing this for Robin Hood.
I'm doing it for Matthew.
I want to see Hood die.
Have I not made myself clear?
No money till the
conscripts are at the coast.
Patronage first. Hood later.
I will have my way.
I will watch him die and then
I'll bring his head to you
on the road and you can send it
with the money to Prince John.
Yes.
Very good. Prince
John would like that.
He can show off his
head in his trophy room.
Perhaps I will allow
you to have your way
but you can even think
of defying me again
then it'll be your head
on its way to London.
Move out!
Mice!
Finn. leave him be!I hate mice.
Help me shift this. come on.
It looks pretty solid to me.
Well. let's find out. shall we?
I can feel a draft. Come on.
The east gate's impossible. Too
many guards.Same to the west.
Storm the battlements?What?
I'm joking. Joking.
I know it's my fault
Robin Hood was captured.
So I want to help you save
the village men. this once.
I don't want Matthew to
have died for nothing.
Well. apparently
you're the leader. Tuck.
If it was me.
I reckon she's a good fighter.
And she's got in the
castle once before.
You take orders from me.
Go in alone and we
leave you behind.
Make sure the executioner is
prepared and have horses ready.
We join the Sheriff
immediately Robin Hood is dead.
Drainage gutter.
That's our way out.
We're going to get out through
here? It's not possible!
ROBIN LAUGHS
Open the door.
DOOR CLANKS
Come on... COME ON!
Ahhhhh! Ahhh.
They've escaped! You. wait there!
The rest of you search the castle.
Find them!
Finn. I think this
might be our way out.
Finn?What?
We have a problem.
Get me that chain.Why?
Just give me the chain!
Grab my feet.
Aaaah!
Robin!Much!There!
There! Get them!
With me.
Hold this.
Are you sure about this?I hope so.
Ready? Now!
Hood!!! Hood!!!
Hey Robin. we're flying! THEY LAUGH
CHEERING
John. grab the sides!
Where's the men from the village?
On the road. We have horses.
You came back? To
save the village men.
If that means helping
you first then...
I'm glad you did. Come on!
Robin Hood and Finn have escaped!
They're after you. I've more men on
the way.You let my brother get out?
He won't rest until
he's hunted me down!
We're under attack!
It's Hood! Take cover!
Quickly. you two. Get
the money. come on.
Where's he going with my
money? Get after him. Gisborne!
They're everywhere!
Pull back. wait for reinforcements!
Move!
Much. Allan. keep the Sheriff
and Gisborne pinned down.
The rest of us after
Tiernan. come on.
Come on. come on. quick. go. go.
Into the forest men. come on.
Come on will you hurry up!
Sure. you're already dead.
I'll take my leave
of you. Robin Hood.
When I'm King of Ireland
there'll always be room
at my court for you.
That's all right.
We've got our own fight here.
What about your brother?
He's no brother of mine.
Not any more.
but he'll get a fair trial.
Oh. come on John. give
the man his money!Ach sure.
I don't really need it all.
For your men and
for their families.
Plenty left to raise an army.
A small group of
highly committed men
is worth more than
an army of slaves.
Well. good luck my friend.
And spend the money wisely.
we will.
Ah. Prince John's escort.
They want their money Gisborne.
So what do we do?We?
Do you think that I'm
going to be responsible
for your arrogance and
your incompetence again?
You can't be serious? Put it down.
No. Gisborne. This
time YOU pay my dues.
Gentlemen. good to see you.
Very smart. lovely colours.
tight fitting uniform. excellent.
Slight change of plan. there
is no patronage money.What?
But Gisborne has volunteered to go with you
to explain why not to Prince John. Personally.
No. my Lord. please! This
means certain death.Ha ha!
Get off me!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Well. you never know. You might
catch Prince John in a good mood.
He's all yours.
I won't forget this.
I'll be back for you.
Get off!
Get off me!
Whoa whoa!
One at a time gents.
All right? You'll all get some.
Kate...Kate.
I just wanted to thank you.
And I'm so sorry for what
happened to your brother.
If I could change anything...
I said I'd help you this once.
But my brother's dead and people
will go on dying while you give them
false hopes of a
better life. Kate. wait.
I mean to make those hopes real.
It's too late for Matthew.
Well. I've paid my
debt for turning you in.
for his sake.
I don't ever want to see you again.
Is that Kate?
Where's she going?
She's going home to her family.
I've let her down.
You can't expect to
win over every mind.
or a heart so full of sorrow.
Let her grieve.
That grief will turn to anger
and then she'll be ready to fight.
Just as these men here
are ready to fight.
This is the core of our army.
All they need is a leader.
My friends...
..lie low here until it's safe
to return to your villages.
You're marked men.
But I swear to you.
that brand you wear will one
day become a badge of honour.
And believe me when I
say that the day is coming
when this Sheriff will be held to
account for what he's done to you
and your villages. THE MEN MURMUR
And on that day my men
and I will call on you.
We will call on your strength.
We will call on your courage.
We will call on the love
you bear your families
to stand with us and fight
and overthrow the cruel
injustice that infects this land.
Are you with me?Yes!
CHEERING
The Abbot has damned
our souls forever!
We have to confront the Abbot right now!
We need to understand why he did this.
Guards! There are things going
on here of such magnitude...
Hood! ..as to be beyond
your understanding.
Heretics. Devils.
I trusted you.
That is why Hood must burn
at the stake!Burn them!
The choices we make at these
moments define us for eternity.
I'm burning them!
Subtitles by Gadoooo
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today